hi this is Pam dinner thank you so much
for tuning to these Ruby marketing and
more with me this is a place I want to
help you to become a better B to be
marketer I share my experience know-how
in template to help you think
strategically and doing your job better
hopefully by doing that you can climb
the corporate ladder faster
so that's typing today what I really
want to talk about is the definition of
the sales enablement and the importance
for marketers to enable sales let's talk
about the definition of a sales
enablement for the time being when I do
a Google search on the sales enablement
there are only two million results piece
of cake so I'm going to share with you a
couple examples that I found the first
definition I want to share with you is
from the CSO insight this is what it
said a strategic cross-functional
discipline
designed to increase sales results and
productivity by providing integrated
content training and coaching services
for salespeople and the friend line
sales managers along the entire customer
journey powered by technology
well that's lengthy a mouthful but you
get a definition which is really about
sales onboarding sales training powered
by technology and provide them with
relevant content so they can sell and
here is another definition I found it's
actually found HubSpot if you are P to B
marketers I'm pretty sure you are
familiar with HubSpot so their
definition is actually on the other side
which is very sure in suite sales
enablement is the technology process and
the content that empowers sales teams to
sell efficiently at a higher velocity
obviously their definition focuses on
technology and the processes I also
created my own definition of a sales
enablement giving that I'm a marketer so
the definition is coming from the
marketers perspective so here's my
definition delivering a positive
customer experience right there from get
goal it's from marketing's perspective
by equipping sales team with knowledge
skills processes and tools
to cross-functional collaboration in
order to increase sales velocity and the
productivity as you can see everybody
defines sales enablement differently CSI
is obviously part of Jaime Miller and a
lot of sales onboarding and the training
to the sales team so they really focus
on sales onboarding sales training hot
spa sales the platform's right so they
focus on technology and the process for
me I'm coming from marketers perspective
so guess what my definition is from
marketing side there's no unified sales
enablement definition but really the
most conventional way tend to be focused
on sales onboarding sales training but
it really depends on what you do and how
you support your team and what you want
your sales enablement to be now let's
talk about why is important for
marketers to enable sales if you listen
to the episode I created earlier
what is b2b marketing so I talked about
the definition of b2b marketing it's
really about selling to companies not
consumers so who is actually selling to
the companies well the salespeople so as
a b2b marketer it's our job to make sure
we are lying with a sales team because
they are selling to a companies and is
our job to actually work very closely
with them so they can close the deal
faster and one of the key things that
b2b marketers do is dimension if you
think about it our job is to actually to
come up or create or provide MQL which
is marketing qualified leads and then
hopefully is a high quality leads that
when we pass that to a sales team it's
very easy for them to actually check on
the prospect and carry the conversation
forward hopefully by doing that again
they can turn the prospect into a
customer so the handoff between MQL and
SQL which is sales qualified lee needs
to be pretty clear again that also is a
part of the work that the marketing
needs to do to enable sales to
crystallize and the clear the roles and
responsibilities between a transition
another thing that's important for the
marketer to enable sales is
account-based
Marketing obviously many companies are
adapting account based selling right so
why can't marketing do to actually
complement that so if they do account be
sellings and we are doing the count
based marketing oh great perfect
marriage we can live happily ever after
no I'm just kidding but you know I'm
talking about if the salespeople
approached the company by specific
account it will be great we can
customize some of our marketing outreach
based on that specific account and
hopefully by doing that we can
accelerate the sales engagement and they
can close the deals again faster another
thing that marketers can do is actually
structure some sort of Co marketing
effort between say our company and our
suppliers or our company and our
customers but again salespeople don't
have time to think about that then it's
our job to actually collaborate and
believe that discussion and drive it
with a sales team that's it for today's
I talked about the definition of a sales
enablement and I talked about the
importance for marketers to support
sales and I mentioned the three
different things that we can do the main
generation type of effort collé
marketing account based marketing so if
you like the content please subscribe
below I would really really appreciate
that it means a lot to me if you have
any specific questions reach out to me
anytime or leave the comment below I
will make an effort to answer your
question and I hope to see you next time
thanks a lot